Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.
That weekend the city blushed with a great heat wave but on Monday it rained, cooling the ache in the street’s burn.
If a street has a spirit, no matter how narrow it is, we can breathe comfortably over there.
Pick a leader who will not only bail out banks and airlines, but also families from losing their homes -- or jobs due to their companies moving to other countries. Pick a leader who will fund schools, not limit spending on education and allow libraries to close. Pick a leader who chooses diplomacy over war. An honest broker in foreign relations. A leader with integrity, one who says what they mean, keeps their word and does not lie to their people. Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.
You may have the dark and cold street life, ruled by the lessor light of the moon. During this time I restore my temple, and later awake to greet the awesome radiance of the sun-star.
You've got the key of the street.
All you need is love...and a great story.
Street culture is a culture of containment. Most young people do not realize that it all too often leads to a “dead end”. “Street culture,” as I am using the term, is a counterforce to movement culture. Street culture in contemporary urban reality is synonymous with survival at all costs. This world view is mostly negative, because it demands constant adjustment to circumstances that are often far beyond young people’s control or understanding, such as economics, education, housing, employment, nutrition, law, and so forth.
I find pieces of herIn songs, book quotes,Even in the dismal cornersOf macabre streetsHosting nobody exceptFailed men and women
I call her Google because she got everything I have been searching for.
If your heart has a one way street, you had better get in touch with the planning division.
I call her Google, Because she got everything I'm searching for
In the shadows he could just make out a rough, ghostly wall that stood out in the pitch darkness. As if drawn by an irresistible black beacon, he slowly advanced step by step towards that incandescent wall of shale. Far off, the city was vanishing into the air. The fiesta disappeared somewhere beyond his eyelids. The wall was increasing in size, growing amidst a mixture of shadows and sparks. It was a wall of smoke from which sprouted candles that resembled asteroids. In fact, it was not one wall but two. Two tall, crackling walls, silently burning. But it wasn't two walls either. It was, in fact, a street.
Earlier 18th-century literary language was not supple enough to connect the life of the imagination to that of the street.
Authentic love is deciding to live on a one-way street where all the arrows point down the street and not a single one of them point back up to where I’m standing.
Religions are dogmatic streets. Soar higher to see the whole city.
This twinned twinkle was delightful but not completely satisfying; or rather it only sharpened my appetite for other tidbits of light and shade, and I walked on in a state of raw awareness that seemed to transform the whole of my being into one big eyeball rolling in the world's socket.Through peacocked lashes I saw the dazzling diamond reflection of the low sun on the round back of a parked automobile. To all kinds of things a vivid pictorial sense had been restored by the sponge of the thaw. Water in overlapping festoons flowed down one sloping street and turned gracefully into another. With ever so slight a note of meretricious appeal, narrow passages between buildings revealed treasures of brick and purple. I remarked for the first time the humble fluting - last echoes of grooves on the shafts of columns - ornamenting a garbage can, and I also saw the rippling upon its lid - circles diverging from a fantastically ancient center. Erect, dark-headed shapes of dead snow (left by the blades of a bulldozer last Friday) were lined up like rudimentary penguins along the curbs, above the brilliant vibration of live gutters. I walked up, and I walked down, and I walked straight into a delicately dying sky, and finally the sequence of observed and observant things brought me, at my usual eating time, to a street so distant from my usual eating place that I decided to try a restaurant which stood on the fringe of the town. Night had fallen without sound or ceremony when I came out again. ("The Vane Sisters")
Adulthood is like looking both ways before you cross the street and then getting hit by an aeroplane.
A street full of trees must always be preferred to a street made of gold!
Charity begins on the street when you are homeless.
If a streetlight can make you sick, one can only wonder what exposure to a very high powered industrial LASER can do to you.
FORKED BRANCHESWe grew up on the same street,You and me.We went to the same schools,Rode the same bus,Had the same friends,And even shared spaghettiWith each other's families.And though our roots belong toThe same tree,Our branches have grownIn different directions.Our tree,Now resembles a thousandOther treesIn a sea of a trillionOther treesWith parallel destiniesAnd similar dreams.You cannot envy the branchThat grows biggerFrom the same seed,And you cannotBlame it on the sun's direction.But you still compare us,As if we're still those twoKids at the parkSlurping down slushies andEating ice cream. Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
I am going to see you in every wall, every street, every glass, in every person, in every wave of the sea and smile.
People promoting, offering new energy drinks on the streets steal my energy with their speech.
He is on his way to her. In a moment he will leave the wooden sidewalks and vacant lots for the paved streets. The small suburban houses flash by like the pages of a book, not as when you turn them over one by one with your forefinger but as when you hold your thumb on the edge of the book and let them all swish past at once. The speed is breathtaking. And over there is her house at the far end of the street, under the white gap in the rain clouds where the sky is clearing, toward the evening. How he loves the little houses in the street that lead to her! He could pick them up and kiss them! Those one-eyed attics with their roofs pulled down like caps. And the lamps and icon lights reflected in the puddles and shining like berries! And her house under the white rift of the sky! There he will again receive the dazzling, God-made gift of beauty from the hands of its Creator. A dark muffled figure will open the door, and the promise of her nearness, unowned by anyone in the world and guarded and cold as a white northern night, will reach him like the first wave of the sea as you run down over the sandy beach in the dark.
Pick a leader who will make their citizens proud. One who will stir the hearts of the people, so that the sons and daughters of a given nation strive to emulate their leader's greatness. Only then will a nation be truly great, when a leader inspires and produces citizens worthy of becoming future leaders, honorable decision makers and peacemakers. And in these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.
Cut anyone and everyone out of your life that makes you feel small, hurt, humiliated, stupid, worthless, etc. do it swiftly and violently and without remorse.
Street children are lovely blossoms just dropped from the tree after a heavy storm. Now they need to be put together with a needle and threads of security and shelter to live into a beautiful circle of life’s garland
If you can’t build with them, don’t chill with them
Streets that follow like a tedious argumentOf insidious intentTo lead you to an overwhelming question...
There is nothing in a crowded street more noticeable than a man running ― unless it is a woman.
If you know the art of finding some things in a quite empty street, then you know the art of happiness!
An invitation of a beautiful street is an invitation to walk within a dream!
Love will work no matter what job i have, what nationality I claim, or what street i live on. It will work even if i kiss a woman. and it does.
Street change, I didn't
We grew up on the same street,You and me.We went to the same schools,Rode the same bus,Had the same friends,And even shared spaghettiWith each other's families.And though our roots belong toThe same tree,Our branches have grownIn different directions.Our tree,Now resembles a thousandOther treesIn a sea of a trillionOther treesWith parallel destiniesAnd similar dreams.You cannot envy the branchThat grows biggerFrom the same seed,And you cannotBlame it on the sun's direction.But you still compare us,As if we're still those twoKids at the parkSlurping down slushies andEating ice cream.Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
Surround yourself with people that want more out of life. That won’t settle for average. People that you can connect with on a deeper level. Keep your circle fresh. Keep your circle full of quality rather than quantity. Full of cool ass humans that you can be yourself around. People that fill you up with nothing but love. People that want to see you succeed. People that GET IT. Good circle, good life!
I ran outta tears of sadness when I was 20 &amp; all I got left is tears of joy.
A silent street always welcome a good music!
It looks scary. And reminds me of the street that is usually the first we see in Vice City. You know after the first meeting when the guy plans to do his first job? The street on which the building of his first client is? Well, that particular street.
Why am I anti-social?? Hey GreenWind can you answer me, little black biatch that I don't go out makes me anti social? How about the people which can't cross the street, everyday talking about football and playing box. You are one of them, so you are without minded guy, you are dumb, stupid and black biatch. Let's see how now you will win??? Why you are so quite??? Oh,oh I know you don't have what to say!
Every beautiful street is a port of happiness!
True love for our nation will compel us to shout on the streets and get on our knees and ask people to repent
Love never lives on a one-way street, for it will always come back up the road bigger than how we had sent it down the road.
Tony and Peg have two kids, Terry-Lynn and Harvey, both of whom are enrolled in so many extracurricular and afterschool clubs that they hardly ever see their parents. If Terry-Lynn is in Girl Guides, she doesn’t have to see Peg inviting the Purolator man in for “a cup of coffee”. If Harvey is in the anime drawing club, he doesn’t have to see Peg kissing Mr. Cooper from across the street, even if all the other neighbours secretly know what’s going on. Tony has no idea, all he knows is that Peg isn’t the same Peg he married back in 2003. All he knows is that she’s changed a great deal, and not for the better, like a beautiful butterfly regressing back into a devouring, ugly caterpillar in the span of only a couple of months.
I'm trap in marriage with gangsta rhyme and my street life.
Probably the people on the street know better than the people at home.
While you are walking in a street, if you are not thinking about that street, we cannot say that you are walking in that street because you are always in the place where your mind is! Wherever you are, you can be in that place only by being at the present moment!
Mankind's obsession with money and greed has them going down a one way street to their demise.
I'd rather teach you how to make BREAD than give you a SLICE from my BREAD.
It is not for nothing that an ominous feeling often attaches itself to a procession. In films and stories we see spectacles forming in the street and parades coming from around the corner, and we know to greet then with distrust and apprehension: their intent is still to be revealed.
Alecto, have you noticed how downhill this little island is becoming?” Mandy questioned sadly. “All these organic food stores and yoga studios and cellular phone towers… Cape Breton was one of the only places left where it still had that nostalgic small town atmosphere but now… I’ve only been away for a year, how could things have changed so quickly? I mean, how can the world accept it?”“C'est la vie,” said Alecto, looking extremely tired as he stared out the window at the late November maple keys fluttering down from vibrantly red trees lining the streets on either side of the windshield.
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty… I have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life. I have envied a great many people who led difficult lives and led them well.
Excellent!" I cried. "Elementary," said he.
Living is too hard right now. Dying is easy. Let me die.
Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.
Observing and commenting, it is a piece of cake.Experiencing and sharing, that is a piece of work.
Everybody was sorry. Sorry was easy. Sorry was for suckers.
Not stupid. Overly trusting, maybe, but that reflects on his lack of trustworthiness, not on your intelligence.
When something comes easy, you usually let it go the same way.
Follow your dreams. I am not saying it’s going to be easy, but I am saying it’s going to be worth it. – Moffat Machingura
Just this once, let it be easy.
We are not to expect to be translated from despotism to liberty in a featherbed.
I will always choose a lazy person to do a difficult job because he will find an easy way to do it.
Endeavour to play easy pieces well and with elegance; that is better than to play difficult pieces badly.
Simplicity is, as simple as you make it.
So few are the easy victories as the ultimate failures.
Nothing is easy. But who wants nothing?
Love is a slippery slope and it's so easy to fall.
The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday
So it is always preferable to discuss the matter of veganism in a non-judgemental way. Remember that to most people, eating flesh or dairy and using animal products such as leather, wool, and silk, is as normal as breathing air or drinking water. A person who consumes dairy or uses animal products is not necessarily or usually what a recent and unpopular American president labelled an "evil doer.
Feeling so rush to be proficient isa common temptation for newbies.
Smartass Disciple: Master, what did you do to earn wisdom ?Master of Stupidity: Well, I forget. Shit happened, life goes on.
He was willing to pay her to hang around his house and paint Piper's fingernails? It sounded as easy as Britney Spears.
Your potential is a hidden treasure. You may not be even aware of it till you discover it. However, it is not easy to find your potential when you are following others or trying to achieve success in an area which is the most sought after.
If it's easy, it's not love. Yes, that easy to know.
... it is the greatest of all mistakes to begin life with the expectation that it is going to be easy, or with the wish to have it so.
It's easy to write the history. All the eyewitnesses are dead.
But easy's like, who cares? Easy's like, how much is easy going to get you?
Between the easiest and the hard side, I choose the hard one; if I could go back in time and choose again, I would choose the exact same path. 'Personal development' fascinates me. No human being who chooses to run a marathon without sweating his shirt off will have memories left to tell.
You are already choosing, in every moment of every day, what to give a fuck about, so change is as simple as choosing to give a fuck about something else, It really is that simple. It's just not easy.
Just because he became yours easily, it does not mean he's easy for all.
In that moment, the nameless boy understood: This was the end. He was going to die.He would cease to breathe. Cease to be. Cease to hurt. It would be easy.But he didn't want to die.
You must have certain principles in life to ensure that you follow the right path and do not deviate from it at the time of difficulties. Principles are not meant so much for the easy times, as for the difficult times, when you are tempted to follow the easy path to avoid the pressing problem.
Because like the depths of the ocean that calls you home, you will never be easy.But darling, you were not brought here for easy. You are here for so much more.Because you are a boundary pusher.You’re a truth seeker.You’re temptation and seduction and heat.You’re a mirror and a sorcerer and inside you swirls the power of the ancients.So no, you are not easy.But in the space of that truth – please also know this. Do not get this confused with the notion that you do not deserve the deepest ease. Don’t for a minute let them convince you that you will not know the grace of a lover who does not require that you constantly translate yourself or diminish yourself or quiet your storm or tone down your extravagant love.Because that, my girl, is bullshit.
As for expressing nobody-but-yourself in words, that means working just a little harder than anybody who isn’t a poet can possibly imagine. Why? Because nothing is quite as easy as using words like somebody else. We all of us do exactly this nearly all of the time — and whenever we do it, we’re not poets.
Hardships are never made easy.
If the road is easy, it’s probably easy because it’s not a road and you’re not on it.
The easy path will seldom lead where you need to go.
The myth around the ‘easy road’ is that it’s a road.
It's either easy or forget it.
The world is surprisingly hard to destroy.
My formula for everyday cooking: keep it simple yet satisfying, the quicker and easier the better, use real food ingredients, and include at least one vegetable.
An exit is just an easy way out.
I would suggest that the desire to love is always greater than the passion to hate. It’s simply that love demands vulnerability and hate does not. Therefore, too often we tend to love the easier choice to hate.
Every day you open your eyes is an act of bravery. Every time you swing your feet around to get up is an act of courage. Every internal battle you FIGHT, win or lose is an act of will. Giving up is easy. But to live, I mean truly LIVE your life abundantly...That's Warrior shit!
It's easy to talk, but to don't give a fuck and to don't get offended is damn hard...
The hardest part in life is to BE EASY ; deal it with positivity everything will BE EASY (Ejump, 2017)
To say the diamond of others like the stone, and own stone like the diamond is the easiest way, but to prove that, it is hard. The verification by experts is authentic. He, who disagrees with the experts, only consider him as it is just a drum.
Being famous is easy, being dumb is hard.
You really don't know what is going on in anyone else's life, so go easy, extend a little grace. It will go a long way and it will keep peace in your own.~Cam Richmond~
I will show you all the ways in which you are easy to love.
If truth be told, the easy road is nothing more than an armchair in clever disguise. And if you look around, it seems that there are a whole lot of people in the furniture business.
Some people can come everywhere and a great pleasure starts, while with other persons in a place the fun just starts when they leave.
Sweet girl, maybe close the world off and look at him for an houror two.This is your fairy. It ain’t perfect and it ain’t honey sweet with roses on the bed.It’s real and raw and ugly at times. But this is your love. Don’t throw it away searching for someone else’s love. Don’t be greedy. Instead, shelter it. Protect it. Capture every second of easy, pull through every storm of hardship. And when you can, look at him, lying next to you, trusting you not to harm him. Trusting you not to go. Be someone’s someone for someone.Be that someone for him.
Nothing gets easy. It is just that you understand how it is and how it works. Nothing its difficult its just that you dont understand it and dont know how it works. Understanding something it means taking time to learn it and practising it.
Black and white is mix of toughest simplicity and easiest complexity.
It is so simple and easy to hate and so grueling and hard to love, when the emotional “love forever”- revelation has become a crumbling “love never, ever again”- crack-up. There is no route back to a paradise lost, when the bonds of trust have, irrevocably, been blasted. ("Another empty room")
A phrase 'I love you' is easy to say through our mouths but hard to say in our hearts. Love is not something to play with, it can break hearts.
I yearn not for the easy path, but for the right path.  For 'easy' and 'right' are rarely compatible.
A seemingly simple task like taking a bath or wearing a condom feels like multitasking to someone who suffers from hemiplegia or has only one hand.
It's easy for common people to say what they think about the government. No one listens to them.
You have to hate them, you mean? You can’t decide: I will or I won’t hate them?”Amar did not completely understand. “But I hate them now,” he explained. “The day Allah wants me to stop hating them, He’ll change my heart.”The man was smiling, as if to himself. “If the world’s really like that, it’s very easy to be in it,” he said.“It will never be easy to be in the world,” Amar said firmly. “Er tabi mabrhach. God doesn’t want it easy.
Starting something can be easy, it is finishing it that is the highest hurdle.
There will always be rough days and easy ones. Like a ship, we must sail through both.
Whatever you want is behind the mountain of struggles. Nothing great comes with ease.
It only seems difficult; it’s not!
It is easy to love God when you do not even have a cent in your pocket and you are totally dependent on Him
The difference between reading a good book and Facebook, is that a good book is always hard to put down, whereas on Facebook it's become too easy to put anyone down.
Sawing a lady in half is easy. Sawing a lady in half and then joining her up together again is less easy, but can be done with practice.
Most of my failures can be ascribed to the fact that I chose that which was ‘easy’ over that which was ‘right’. And while it’s ‘right’ to admit this to myself, it isn’t ‘easy.’ So, which choice am I going to make this time?
It is easy to respond with anger; it is more empowering and spiritually elevating to respond with compassion.
If you drive fast enough on a rough road you glide over the bumps and skim the pot holes - it's a smooth ride. If you charge without fear over boulders and beach debris it's the same as running on hard flat sand. The only problem is slowing down, or stopping.
Loving her is so damn easy. It’s as natural as breathing or the beating of a heart.
Simplicity within itself is just another complication.
The more we know, the deeper we will understand our topic, so it will be easier to implement it
It sounds like it's very easy, but it's ain't easy.
When the going gets tough, people bail. When the going gets easy, people get lazy. Honest, smart, hard work is the way to get results.
Being human complicates things.
It is quite easy to fall under the spell of assumptions.
All my supplies are gone and I'm going to die out here. I thought it would be more frightening, dying, but after so many days walking, after so much hunger and thirst, it's a release.
These days being stupid is easy… ain't theorem and it is not even any part of conspiracy.
Fear is a snare that prevents us from moving forward, fear makes us an easy bait for the devil
The easy path is seldom the right path.
Don't ask whether it's going to be easy. Ask whether it's going to be worth it.
Have patience. You will eventually lose sight of what you truly deserve if you get too fixed on grabbing any stuff quickly. Things that last don't grow easy.
The path is long, but self-surrender makes it short; the way is difficult, but perfect trust makes it easy.
13. If you’re going through difficult times today, hold steady. It will change soon. If you are experiencing smooth sailing and easy times now, brace yourself. It will change soon. The only thing you can be certain of is change.
Some women would not cheat, and some would not have cheated, had they each married a man whom they love … or at least like.
It’s easy to count other people’s mistakes. Make your own if you can.
Making peace is often a simple thing, but simple isn’t the same thing as easy.
For two years, all you have to do is go where they tell you, stay behind your rifle, and kill and not be killed. It’s simple, but simple isn’t the same as easy.
To make life easy, accept its difficulty.
Love makes things possible, not easy.
Kuna mafanikio ya aina mbili hapa duniani: Mafanikio ya Shetani na mafanikio ya Mungu. Mafanikio ya Shetani ni rahisi kupata na ni ya kitumwa. Mafanikio ya Mungu ni magumu kupata lakini ni ya hakika. Mungu akikubariki, pesa inaongezeka kama inavyoongezeka saa.
It is as difficult for most poor people to truly believe that they could someday escape poverty as it is for most wealthy people to truly believe that their wealth could someday escape them.
Why do they lie?” she asked herself aloud. “They say time makes losing someone you loved easier to deal with, but it only makes it worse.
Love it's not supposed to be complicated. It must be easy. It should not need begging and imploring. Love must be simple, because it's just the beginning of a long journey.
But love doesn't do what's easy. Love does what's necessary and right.
Simplicity saves strength.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
Chess is an easy game!
I wish I could invent a square, said everyone.
Falling in love is easy; but getting up and moving on is difficult
I don’t want easy anymore. It’s worthless and the shine doesn’t last.
Split up means being in state of being an a victim which can be killed easy.
Sometimes it's easier to tell ourselves a story.
Always be careful of where you run to. When the going gets tough, take it easy and slow down, else you venture into the den of lions.
I stared out of the window, at my Bronco rusting in the parking lot, the metal eager to get back to just being dirt. Life was probably easier for it back then.
What you see to be difficult now, is likely to be the easiest thing ever later when you deliberately get your willpower trained over it by repeated attempts! Don't give up!
Easy makes a good sell for meant-to-be.
It's three words "Alter your life" which mean change your life. It's not so easy, but it's not so hard everyone can do it.
 “I know it’s not fair to ask either of you to be okay with that.” Jeb tips up my chin with a fingertip.  “You didn’t ask. And I don’t want fair. I don’t want easy, either. I want one lifetime with you, and every crazy complication that comes with it." 
Any halfway clever devil would decorate the highway to Hell as beautiful as possible.
I've never met a strong person with an easy past.
Whatever is difficult for you become easy if you take a bite of it every day. Try again and again!
It is always easy to flow with the river and to run with the wind! But glory and honour are often not found in easy things!
Just by listening without looking I can tell you is it a white man singing or black.... as far as now is easy!
When you know what you want you will be excited about it and give every ounce of effort to making it come true. No excuse or fear will get in your way because peace is found in focus.
It is easy to say, but there is no way I could personally address every single problem in my nation, they are too many. Oh yea, you cannot fix all problems, but you can fix some problems, more importantly you could bring enlightenment to all others around you
One of the easiest ways to show your mercy to the world is to hide your fears from people who are already afraid. Don't kill them alive when you truly claim you love them!
I have little patience with scientists who take a board of wood, look for its thinnest part, and drill a great number of holes where drilling is easy.
Easy is tasteless and bland
We often try to see the reflections of the people who left us in the people who come to stay with us and in the course of doing so, we often try to change them to someone who they are not and we often end up turning them into the pieces of same shattered mirror that used to hurt us before they came.